# Group_1

Matthew Runyon, Winston Wong, and Leo D'Agostino

The data set that we have chosen to work with is the "Volcano Eruptions" data set, coming from Week 20 of the 2020 TidyTuesday project. This data is provided by the Smithsonian Institute. The data, which is split into five files (`volcano`, `eruptions`, `events`, `tree_rings`, and `sulfur`) is provided. For group member responsibilities for each of these files, Winston was responsible for data analysis on the `tree_rings` and `sulfur` data sets, Leo was responsible for investigating the `eruptions` data set, and Matthew was responsible for analyzing the `volcano` data set. Everyone provided assistance across data sets with code formatting to bolster the appearance after preliminary analyses had been completed independently. We chose not to delve into the `events` file because it was mainly date information without other major variables to work with. Individual sections within the R Markdown document are denoted with bold headers.

__NOTE__: Two RMarkdown documents are uploaded. The one titled "Group_1_Project_RMarkdown_With_Filepath_Saving_Code" contains all the necessary information for how individual tables and graphs were saved using the `write.table()` and `ggsave()` functions, respectively. However, these were carried out with filepaths specified for a local machine, so they would not allow proper document knitting across all group members' computers. To resolve this, a secondary document titled "Group_1_Project_RMarkdown_Without_Filepath_Saving_Code" is also provided, which removes the code necessary for saving the individual tables and graphs and should allow for proper knitting. The two files are identical except for the removal of the file paths and all `write.table()` and `ggsave()` functions.

